Feat: Add `ProductShelf` component (#1713)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/components/organisms/product-shelf.mdx

    props: {
      // We add an `ssg` field to the page props,
      // which will be provided to the Nextra `useSSG` hook.
      ssg: {
        productShelfProps,
        productShelfItemsProps,
        productShelfItemProps,
      },
    },
  }
}

export const ProductShelfPropsSection = ({ component }) => {
  // Get the data from SSG, and render it as a component.
  const { productShelfProps, productShelfItemsProps, productShelfItemProps } =
    useSSG()
  return {
    ProductShelf: <PropsSection propsList={productShelfProps} />,
    ProductShelfItems: <PropsSection propsList={productShelfItemsProps} />,
    ProductShelfItem: <PropsSection propsList={productShelfItemProps} />,
  }[component]
}

<header>

# Product Shelf

Displays a list of products to be used as a section on the store.

</header>

The `ProductShelf` is a compound of the following:

- `ProductShelfItems`: the product list.
- `ProductShelfItem`: wraps the product inside a list item.
- `ProductCard`: the proposed children of a `ProductShelf`.

---

## Import

Import the component from [@faststore/ui](/../components)

```tsx
import {
  ProductShelf,
  ProductShelfItems,
  ProductShelfItem
} from '@faststore/ui'
```

> We highly recommend to use the [ProductCard](/components/molecules/product-card) as the direct children of the `ProductShelfItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend using the [ProductCard](/components/molecules/product-card) as the direct child of the `ProductShelfItem`.
```

```tsx
import {
  ProductCard,
  ProductCardContent,
  ProductCardImage
} from '@faststore/ui'
```

Import Styles

```tsx

> import '@faststore/ui/src/components/molecules/ProductShelf/styles.scss'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import '@faststore/ui/src/components/organisms/ProductShelf/styles.scss'
```

                    formatter: useFormattedPrice,
                  }}
                />
              </ProductCard>
            </ProductShelfItem>
          ))}
        </ProductShelfItems>
      </ProductShelf>
    </OverviewSection>

  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    ```tsx
      <ProductShelf>
        <ProductShelfItems>
          {Array.from({ length: 5 }, (_, index) => (
            <ProductShelfItem>
              <ProductCard>
                <ProductCardImage>
                  <img
                    data-fs-image
                    src={product.image[0].url}
                    alt={product.image[0].alternateName}
                  />
                </ProductCardImage>
                <ProductCardContent
                  title={product.isVariantOf.name}
                  price={{
                    value: product.offers.offers[0].price,
                    listPrice: product.offers.offers[0].listPrice,
                    formatter: useFormattedPrice,
                  }}
                />
              </ProductCard>
            </ProductShelfItem>
          ))}
        </ProductShelfItems>
      </ProductShelf>
    ```

  </Tab>
</Tabs>

---

## Props

> All product shelf related components support all attributes also supported by their respective HTML tags. Besides those attributes, the following props are also supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All `ProductShelf` related components support all attributes also supported by their respective HTML tags. Besides those attributes, the following props are also supported:
```

### Product Shelf

<ProductShelfPropsSection component="ProductShelf" />

### Product Shelf Items

<ProductShelfPropsSection component="ProductShelfItems" />

### Product Shelf Item

<ProductShelfPropsSection component="ProductShelfItem" />

---

## Design Tokens

### Nested Elements

#### Items

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-product-shelf-items-gap"
    value="var(--fs-grid-gap-1)"
  />
  <TokenDivider />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-product-shelf-items-padding-top"
    value="var(--fs-spacing-0)"
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-product-shelf-items-padding-bottom"
    value="var(--fs-spacing-3)"
  />
  <TokenDivider />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-product-shelf-items-left"
    value="calc(-1 * var(--fs-spacing-1))"
  />
</TokenTable>

---

## Variants

You can use [ProductCard variants](/components/molecules/product-card#variants) to create `ProductShelf` variations.

> ### With Button

Reviewer 2: Idk if we should add these variants in ProductShelf documentation instead of in ProductCard, because nothing changes in ProductGrid, just in ProductCard.

Author: It's just to show the possibilities
